README.md, before:

<!-- To easily change the links embedded, replace all `https://github.com/Zolice/CM2005-Candlestick-Assignment` with your GitHub Repository -->
<!-- Change the names and content inside this document before committing. -->


<div id="top" align="center">

  <h1 align="center">CM2005-Candlestick-Assignment</h1>

  <p align="center">
    Project assigned by SIM GE - UOL for the purpose of CM2005 Object Oriented Programming
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#requirements">Requirements</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

# About The Project
Project assigned by SIM GE - UOL for the purpose of CM2005 Object Oriented Programming

## Built With
![tdm-gcc](https://img.shields.io/badge/tdmgcc-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=tdmgcc&logoColor=000000)

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Getting Started
## Prerequisites
Setup GCC Compiler, using [this link](https://github.com/danielpinto8zz6/c-cpp-compile-run/blob/HEAD/docs/COMPILER_SETUP.md) as a guide.

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Usage
1. Run the following in the terminal to compile the program.
   ```
   g++ -o main main.cpp Candlestick.cpp CandlestickBook.cpp CSVReader.cpp MerkelMain.cpp OrderBook.cpp OrderBookEntry.cpp Wallet.cpp
   ```
2. Run the following in the terminal to start the program. 
   ```
   ./main
   ```

_Refer here for more information_

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Requirements
- [x] TASK 1: Compute candlestick data CODE
- [x] TASK 1: Compute candlestick data DESCRIPTION
- [x] TASK 2: Create a text-based plot of the candlestick data CODE
- [x] TASK 2: Create a text-based plot of the candlestick data DESCRIPTION 
- [x] TASK 3: Plot a text graph of some other trading data CODE
- [x] TASK 3: Plot a text graph of some other trading data DESCRIPTION 
- [x] Originality and challenge of implementation

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# License
Distributed under the GPL License. See <a href="https://github.com/Zolice/CM2005-Candlestick-Assignment/LICENSE">License</a> for more information.

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Acknowledgements

## External Sources Utilized
- Information Taught by [University of London (Coursera)](https://www.london.ac.uk/)
- External Dataset provided by [Yahoo Finance](https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/)

## Tools Utilized
- <a href="https://github.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="github"></a>
- <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual Studio Code-218bd3?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudio&logoColor=white" alt="vscode"></a>

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

Commit message:

Upload Report and Video Demonstration

README.md, after:

<div id="top" align="center">

  <h1 align="center">CM2005-Candlestick-Assignment</h1>

  <p align="center">
    Project assigned by SIM GE - UOL for the purpose of CM2005 Object Oriented Programming
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#requirements">Requirements</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

# About The Project
Project assigned by SIM GE - UOL for the purpose of CM2005 Object Oriented Programming

## Built With
![tdm-gcc](https://img.shields.io/badge/tdmgcc-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=tdmgcc&logoColor=000000)

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Getting Started
## Prerequisites
Setup GCC Compiler, using [this link](https://github.com/danielpinto8zz6/c-cpp-compile-run/blob/HEAD/docs/COMPILER_SETUP.md) as a guide.

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Usage
1. Run the following in the terminal to compile the program.
   ```
   g++ -o main main.cpp Candlestick.cpp CandlestickBook.cpp CSVReader.cpp MerkelMain.cpp OrderBook.cpp OrderBookEntry.cpp Wallet.cpp
   ```
2. Run the following in the terminal to start the program. 
   ```
   ./main
   ```

_Refer here for more information_

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Requirements
- [x] TASK 1: Compute candlestick data CODE
- [x] TASK 1: Compute candlestick data DESCRIPTION
- [x] TASK 2: Create a text-based plot of the candlestick data CODE
- [x] TASK 2: Create a text-based plot of the candlestick data DESCRIPTION 
- [x] TASK 3: Plot a text graph of some other trading data CODE
- [x] TASK 3: Plot a text graph of some other trading data DESCRIPTION 
- [x] Originality and challenge of implementation

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

## Video Demonstration
The following is a video demonstration of my project, as per the requirements.

[Video Demonstration](./docs/Video%20Demonstration.mp4)

### Watch on YouTube
[![YouTube Video Demonstration](http://img.youtube.com/vi/WCNgAh1k-oQ/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCNgAh1k-oQ "CM2005 Candlestick Assignment")

# License
Distributed under the GPL License. See <a href="https://github.com/Zolice/CM2005-Candlestick-Assignment/LICENSE">License</a> for more information.

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>

# Acknowledgements

## External Sources Utilized
- Information Taught by [University of London (Coursera)](https://www.london.ac.uk/)
- External Dataset provided by [Yahoo Finance](https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/)

## Tools Utilized
- <a href="https://github.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="github"></a>
- <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual Studio Code-218bd3?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudio&logoColor=white" alt="vscode"></a>

<p align="right"><a href="#top">back to top</a></p>
